Pack it together and take it away.
Said that the ancient city bear is now the number one target for carry
He wanted to run.
But all his assets have been frozen
I heard from my subordinates
He is sending Fenglin Tiger to
Selling his property stall
He wants to cash out as soon as possible
Wow, what a surprise!
Once the powerful chief of the southern province
Now it's reduced to selling property everywhere
Begging everywhere
Oh, it seems that fate is really tricking people
Mr. Li
Our Qiangsheng Group Bedde Ancient City has suppressed the whole
Ten years?
How much have we suffered?
How much blood was shed?
How many brothers died?
We have to settle the account with him
Does your sister-in-law have an idea again?
Mr. Li, I think we are like this
Haha, it seems that your kid is a fucking genius.
Hey, it's all Mr. Lin, what's your name?
Then I'll leave this to you.
If you can do it to Wu Chengxiong
My Wu Villa is under your fucking control
Really? I'll do it now.
Big brother finally used the seller.
It's been sealed recently
The old owners are afraid that the tree will attract the wind
I dare not take our stall.
Those who dare to take risks become stars again
The price is ridiculously low.
It seems that this boy
Those who dare to take the order are the only guns
I suspect that my ancient city is overbearing
In the end, you have to sell your retainers
Go ahead.
Who is it? Strong Group
Lin Shengqiang